Unfashionably late
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/college.png

It is the first day of the academic year at the Karrakin Cavalry College, and a handful of kuirassers (soon-to-be kevalliers) are late to the Matriculation Ball. Each of them had their own reason to be late for the occasion, but they were all unfashionably late regardless. As they step from the groundcars that swept them across Throne Karrakis and into the grounds of the College, they find themselves dwarfed by the monumental entrance of the **Lykeon**, the grand college's building of administration, instruction, and academic work.

As guards and white gloves usher them inside, each of the students are scanned and announced on arrival. The late students are:

- **Lady Camille Denommee XII, Ivory Sculptor and third heir of House Denommee**. A fair lady from the __House of Glass__.
- **CALIGRAND** is Lady Camille's loyal NHP assistant, guard, and babysitter.
- **Yarrin Naramon**. A simple man from a lower house __House of Sand__ who's much more interested in 0s and 1s than interacting with any other human.
- **Cpt. Leman, Hound of Ulhan of House Kanis**. A young buck from the iron-willed __House of Stone__ with a troubled past of actual warfare.
- **Kasha Avaaran**. Leman's second in command and close companion from a smaller house within __House of Stone__, acting as his squire.
- **Quinn Quintanna, Brightsworth Squire**. A small sheepish girl from a family of squires from __House of Order__

The hubbub of conversation dims briefly in deference, until returning to a hundred different conversations backed by the refined strains of a chamber orchestra. The ballroom is a riot of color and sparkling light; students and faculty mingle and dance in a mixture of military uniforms and elaborate formalwear in a panoply of styles and fashions from across the Concern. Seeing how people were already talking, dancing, and socializing, it was clear that the late students were so late that they missed all of the commencement speeches.

They only had a few moments to compose themselves and make any formal introductions to each other before they spot an older woman through the crowd whose steely eyes fixed on them with an unamused glare. She is dressed in an immaculate gown in rich purple with floating sleeves, approaching them in a mechanical legged chair accompanied by functionaries wearing the more austere dress uniform of the college staff. It was **Archchancellor Baroness Sigune Zoeva of House Calyx of the House of Order**, head of the College.

While each student gave their own excuses or reasons to be late, the Baroness wasn't particularly thrilled that students would disappoint her *before* even meeting her. Nonetheless, she welcomes them all the same and advises the students to meet their tutors. Not far away, three key members of faculty could be spotted talking with each other. They were **Stablemaster Imani Rudis**, head of the *Technical* Syllabus; **Underbaron Iphianassa Akrita di Khayradi**, head of the *Tactical* Syllabus, and finally **Lord Castor-Eyros**, head of the *Noble Arts* Syllabus.

The interactions with the heads of syllabus were almost a perfect split of a pair per instructor:
- Captain Leman and Kasha could immediately recognize Underbaron Iphianassa and her rank, immediately saluting and presenting themselves and their rank immediately after the tutor ordered. Her words were... less comforting than the others'. Explaining how they shall "**lay down her lives for the children of Karrakis.**"
- Yarrin and Quinn felt Stablemaster Imani strike a chord with them because of his lacking social skills, much like them too. However, he quickly gives them a complex technical problem to test them. While Yarrin had a near immediate and accurate answer, Quinn was too shy to speak up. Imani was quick to encourage Quinn to speak up, even if wrong. Inviting them to "**not shy away from making mistakes, for they can learn from them**".
- And lastly, Lord Castor had a poetic and philosophical conversation with Lady Camille and her bodyguard after they asked if he was just a literature teacher. Debating on the active use of politics, how 'even puppets can dance without their strings', and how "***a status quo isn't defined or broken by change, but by progress***".

Lord Castor's demeanor was charming and polite, seeing utmost potential and showing utter respect to the new students even after their tardiness. Clearly looking to calm and help wherever he could. After Lord Castor took some time to answer any questions they had and advise them to have a good time, it took plenty of effort and work to get here and they should celebrate like so. *Hard work will begin in earnest tomorrow, after all.*

*`Later...`*

As the Ball had slowly died down and other students found themselves talking more than dancing, or leaving early to rest, the late students each found themselves exploring the luscious gardens surrounding the Lykeon. Particularly Quinn crashed with Leman in a corner, and CALIGRAND and Camille finding Yarrin calmly on his pad. The cool night, the beautiful gardens, and calmer conversations served as distraction and respite... until the sound of groans and laughter were faintly heard in the distance. Exploring and investigating the sounds, the late students find a *plainly dressed figure*, half-curled in a protective ball, being repeatedly and viciously kicked in the gut and head by a tall, *muscular woman in an ornate uniform*, bearing the colors of **House of Stone.** A handful of students have gathered, and there is laughter at each successfully delivered kick. The victim cried for help as the tall woman continued to kick and yell at the victim for being an '**Ungrateful-sympathizing piece of shit**'. 

The moment Leman heard the cries for help he dashed towards the source without second thought, followed by Kasha and Quinn immediately after. Arriving to the gathering, he immediately demands the tall lady to stop her assault after recognizing her uniform's colors. The abuser looked pissed before looking confused that someone bearing the same colors as her would stop her as Kasha told Leman she'll get the faculty to come here.

The rest of the new kuirassers arrived to watch the scene unfold, with Camille and her guard see the scene as entertainment and Yarrin taking a photo and sending it to his 'partner'. After trying to defend the victim and get the tall lady to step off, the bully dares Leman to back up his fiery attitude, drawing a sword given by a student close to her and challenging him to a duel. Beyond granting the sword, he stood out for wearing the colors of **House of Sand** and having a cold and measured attitude throughout their interactions.

One of the other students gives the tall woman an ornate saber after realizing Leman appeared to be weaponless. Now that both had their weapons and the House of Sand student established the rules of the duel (first to cut give a cut) and how he'd be the referee, the two were ready for a sword duel for the victim... One where Leman barely scrapped by harmless and victorious. The bullies, having *some* degree of honor, left after losing their duel. At least not without promising this wasn't the end of the dispute.

The late students manage to help up and properly meet the very hurt **Rawan Azar**, a kuirasser from **House of Promise**. A polarizing house and a polarizing lady who could only explain that she advocated for the 'Free Sanjak' cause. She did not trust Leman, even *if* he fought for her, she could not have any trust for the blood red colors of House of Stone. A handful of of faculty members soon arrived with Kasha to take care of Rawan.

After a night of resting, gathering information, and sharing with each other, the kuirassers prepared for whatever may come in the following days regarding the duel and the implications of their intervention... 

The next day, however, each of the new students receive a challenge to a formal duel under the College’s regulations for mechanized combat. The appellants’ names are listed as “**Lord Praya-Cannamos, the Ironhanded, First Daughter and Graven Heir of Stonelord Hyderad Cannamos**”, and “**Count Argo, the Wolf’s Blade, of the House Laurent of the House of Sand, storied son of Tilimsan**” with the reason being... “*a point of honor*”.