Know your place
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/map_1.png

The new students wake up to this duel, the name of the challengers ringing a bell, if only faintly. 'Heir of Stonelord' meant Praya was daughter of the ***head*** of House of Stone Not to mention, a 'Storied Son of Tilimsan' only spoke of Argo's pride and skill as a scheming individual. Next to the Stables, there was a control room that allowed them to see the simulation at hand.

The objective was simple, 6 minutes, King of the Hill. The team had the most people on the control zone by the end of those 6 minutes, will be declared the winning team. They could see the layout of the arena, their opponents—which included two training COMPCONs and **Lord Aloysius**, and their deployment zone. All of this information, however, *was presented by a shapeless voice*... **I.K.O.L**. An NHP... 'friend' of Yarin. It was his NHP even, much like CALIGRAND was Lady Camille's. It has a child-like personality that aimed to prank anyone, play with everyone, and "assist" Yarin by doing the prior two directives. 

After brief planning in the Control Room and some small banter between the students, they faced Lord Praya and Count Argo straight on. Though a simple simulation of combat, the "point of honor" could very much dictate how the new students will be seen, or even respected.

When they deployed unto the arena, the kuirassers mech's readings showed what was to come:

- __Lord Praya__ had a massive mech built like a building with legs, tank plating and a shotgun the size of a room.
- __Count Argo__ had a nimble and deadly mech that bounced from left and right, using terrain, objects and even his enemies as platforms for his jumps.
- __Lord Aloysius__ had a mech with advanced liturgicode that helped veil its allies with illusion and misdirection.
- And lastly, the two COMPCONs used similar models to that of Count Argo, mobile and disruptive.

Though it was a fierce 6 minutes, the kuirassers defending the point of honor and protecting Rawan won the simulation. Lord Praya and Count Argo even waited for them on the player's control room to admit their defeat. Argo was much less enthusiastic about the results, while Praya clearly looked angered... and yet, respectful of the outcome. Argo was quick to leave and claim that *this wasn't over*, while Praya admitted they were outmatched *for now.* Once the duel was done, the players were all directed to the common room of their class, **5016-A**.

The common room buzzes with energy as they enter. Judging from their smiling faces and cheering, the other students are clearly impressed by the party's performance – which is replaying on a large screen to one side – or perhaps, are simply glad that they defeated Lord Praya and Count Argo. Lord Aloysius steps up and shakes your hand, congratulating them on their victory. 

Among the replays there's:

- The match overall was a close call. Even with the help in numbers thanks to **Leman's turrets**, the new kuirassers lacked the focus and strategy to stick together and push until the very end.
- Their offensive became easier once **Quinn pushed the frontlines** and cut the giant shotgun Praya used. 
- **Yarin's efforts focused on disrupting his opponents** with '*Banana Protocol*', or at least that's what I.K.O.L wanted to do too. Seeing this entire simulation as a game to knock the big **#!@?!** down a peg.
- And while Lady Camille provided supportive fire, CALIGRAND's decisive moment was using the heavy artillery Howitzer to clear the field, blowing half of the control zone in the process.

Lord Praya and Count Argo where nowhere to be found, and Rawan Azar was anything short of ecstatic for the kuirassers that came to her defense. Even though the College had quite the medical bay to quickly heal her, she still had a cast and some bruising. Though conflicted by some of the new kuirasser's responses she was eternally grateful for them, and looking forward to learn more with them. Eventually, a flurry of beeps sound as various students – including the players – receive notifications from Underbaron Iphianassa. The notification informs them that they have been scheduled for an urban warfare skirmish the next day. The combatants are listed in the message, and all of them are in this room!