New Blood
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/college.png

Now done with the duel and getting to know the rest of their class, the new blood of the Karrakin Cavalry College went ahead and made their own connections and assisted their other classes for their first day.

**Valtameri** got to meet two of the known bright minds of their class, **Kay**, from *House of Water*, and **Lord Aloysius**, from *House of Smoke*. They were poring over the technical specs of a half-size, nexus-based frame of unfamiliar design. Valtameri's curious mind questioned about it, and they reluctantly reveal that it is the **Hecatoncheires**: a HORUS pattern group that has apparently been spotted in and around Sanjak and there's *heavy* censorship of such frame.

**Nemesis** enjoyed her time with the recognition and used her charms to tango with the **Primors Vivian and Valentine Reis** from *House of Glass*. Immediately striking friendly conversation after being teased about their attire by playing into their tease and asking for suggestions. Their interaction continuing further over a game of Kapkat, a complex Sparri game popularly involving wagers.

**Solaris** got to meet **Lady Kiriona**, from *House of Moments* and **Principissa Elsa**, from *House of Order*. The former showing how to perform a complex trick shot with a pistol and a pair of small, heavily dented personal drones. Solaris spoke a little regarding the shared house, all the while recognizing he was also talking with *the daughter of Archchancellor Sigune Zoeva.* 

And lastly **Argus** seemed fixated on resting for the rest of the day due to the intense duel.

As classes passed by, the four kuirassers begun to take some heavy interest in nano-technology thanks to a seminar brought by **Stablemaster Imani**. The four even went as far as to ask him personally for guidance and material for nanotechnology *and* paracausality. With spare time and wishing to indulge the questions the students had, he brought them to the labs behind the Stables. A workshop of many experimental technology where squires and other students met to study and practice their designs. Imani brought them together and asked them to connect three questions:
- **How can you best compartmentalize nano-machines?**
- **How does paracausality occupy space?**
- **Is it possible to make something live *within* paracausality?**
These three questions have their general, theoretical answer that has been applied to certain pattern groups and technologies... But Stablemaster Imani nudged the kuirassers to study the relation that can be built with each other. *Just as they receive a notification for their first non-duel fight is one of the College’s standard training skirmishes*. With Tomoe sadly not being placed on the same team as them.