Pankrati, charge!
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/map_2.png

It was their second day on the college and the kuirassers found themselves on the first, non-duel simulation of combat.  Designed to push students to excel by forcing them to compete against each other. This particular skirmish is intended to test techniques specific to urban warfare, including the proper use of cover and area control in a dense environment. The other students were generally friendly competitors, and the mood before the skirmish is one of excitement.

Tasked with taking control of zones, the kuirassers planned on splitting and taking as many zones as they can as well as push back the other students. ... A task easier said than done, as their HUDs registered:
- **Captain Hedros** — under the callsign of **'Zero'** — using a long range mech and anti-materiel rifle that locked down its enemies that weren't behind cover, **punishing them with deadly aim**.
- **Principissa Elsa** — under the callsign of **'Sapphire'** — using a support mech that organized, commanded, and repaired her fellow allies.
- **Primors Vivian and Valentine** — under the callsigns of **'Goldenrod'** and **'Rose'** respectively — using exotic, xeno mechs that confused even I.K.O.L, as readings of their systems and frames lead nowhere.
- **Lady Kiriona** — under the callsign of **'Brightstar'** — with a heavy, and yet, incredibly fast mech that sought to pin her enemies down.

Though both teams fought for the control zones with all their might, only one could stand victorious.

**Valtameri** and **Argus** took immediate offensive plans of controlling one of the zones and faced both hotshots from the Primors as well as Cpt. Hedros. Even behind cover, any time they moved within his sights he took precise and deadly shots at them. All the while Lady Kiriona surrounded them and took them head on, with Argus fending her off constantly. Both pushing the limits of their mechs, specially with Valtameri nearly causing a reactor meltdown of his mech.

**Nemesis** and **Solaris** made slow, defensive pushes to keep drawing the opponents fire as well as disrupting their attacks. Nemesis was a literal tank by making her advance slow but deadly as she took the southern control zone and took many shots from Cpt. Hedros herself, while Solaris remained back and fortified with turrets... In fact, almost everyone deployed turrets. `DM NOTE: help.`

After their first simulated combat, the new kuirassers continued with their classes. Sadly growing slightly distant from both Argus and Solaris. Among their classes however:
- __Nonstandard Adversary Chassis__—**by Lady Achilleia**—a class to use randomness and craftiness to gain the upper hand in combat, even in the face of complex technology as HORUS pattern groups.
- __Failure Modes__—**by Stablemaster Imani**—a class to remind students to push their limits, but not *break* them. Otherwise, they could trigger catastrophic reactions like Valtameri (even if it was avoided).
- And __Ontologies of Personhood__—**by Lord Castor-Eyros**—a somewhat lighthearted but philosophical debate of the use of NHPs and how there's a stigma surrounding them and how one should approach them.