Down to business and (un)friendly competition
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
/public/event-imgs/college.png

Time went on after the rocky start of their semester in the Karrakin Cavalry College. **Lady Camille** and her companion **CALIGRAND** grew closer to the **Reis Primors**, having tea and speaking of exotic technologies. Even going as far as exploring the idea of cloning CALIGRAND's prime subjectivity and being able to mass produce it with Camille's house. A sort of verbal, non-binding, economic contract struck as alliance between House Reis and House Denommee learn more about CALIGRAND's subjectivity.

**Yarin** was deep in study of that which was paracausal... and I.K.O.L. Even going as far as directly asking help from **Stablemaster Imani**, who reinforced and invited him to go and trust the squires of the academy just as much. As great as he may be, all who is here has the same potential to become great, and squires are the people that know the in-and-out's of any and all mechs.   

Meanwhile **Leman** hated to be in this position of pause of command. Being informed to await instructions but spend months hearing nothing... So, he decides to ask the daughter of his sponsor, **Lord Praya**. Despite being sponsored by House Cannamos, he never really got paired up with Lord Praya nor had he gotten any further orders from command. Lord Praya knew of the sponsorship, but did not know of any new orders either. She only reminded him that, when given the option to pledge loyalty to Karrakis or to stay loyal to Khayradin, his House's world... He should know *that he better stay loyal mutt.* 

And lastly **Quinn**, managed to get a meeting with the **Augur Kahin**. A Xenoglossary college advisor that also upholds the old traditions of the Order Xenoglossia. Though they had to pass their first exams before bond reading ceremonies, Quinn requested to have her's earlier. The augur looks like a mummy and didn't seem fully lucid or conscious of her request and presence, but he was certain of his readings. His mystic arts labeling the **Bond of the Harlequin** to the little squire from House of Order. Conflicted, Quinn takes her leave... 

It’s finally time for the kuirasser's first set of exams. Your tutors constantly reinforce the need to prepare; it’s clear they are no joke. The exams have a brutal reputation and the potential to influence not only their future at the College but their career as a pilot. By tradition, their exams will take place on a military training range north of Throne Karrakis known as the **Hounds Teeth Range**. As training draws to a close you are given only a few short days to ensure your mechs are in fighting shape and ready to go before a transport lands next to the Stables and you are instructed to load them aboard.

As Lady Camille's relationship with Vivian and Valentine flourished, Valentine meets them near the transport and hands over a dufflebag to the kuirassers, calling it “a present from Argo” but offering no further information. Inside, there were plenty of **military-grade, high-tech mines**. The nature of this 'gift' and what it meant for the Reis twins to hand this ordnance over was as mysterious and confusing as the twins themselves... But, it did give the kuirassers the idea to sabotage and get a little payback on Count Argo and Lord Praya.

The students and their mechs are transported to a remote area of snow-covered moorland in northern Karrakis known as the Hounds Teeth Range, a desolate and mostly uninhabited wilderness operated by the BUC as a military training range. Traversing the Teeth was a historic rite of passage for Karrakin military commanders throughout the Annorum era, while today it is mostly used by the Federal Karrakin Army for war games and other training operations. 
