Trial By Fire
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
/public/event-imgs/map_3.png

By tradition, the Hounds Teeth Range is also the site at which the College’s students face one of their toughest trials: direct combat against their tutors as part of their examinations. For the students, the stakes are high – without extenuating circumstances, success in these exams is effectively required to proceed on to further study. There are also no safety nets here; no containment fields to catch stray fire, no referee or supervising tutor, and no easy access to printers or medics. The examination scenario constructed for the PCs is challenging but straightforward enough – move up a narrow river valley to assault a well-defended set of bridges and deliver the objective – a dummy payload drone – to a marked location. 

Each of the kuirassers were able to immediately recognized the lack of restrain of this exam. Their tutors armed with high-end technology and all the experience and veterancy to pilot them expertly. From appearances and scans, the students learned what they had to face:
- **Lord Castor-Eyros** providing protection and assistance to all nearby them, shielding them from attacks of every type and direction with his mech '*Jester*'.
- **Stablemaster Imani** was a copy of Yarin's style. Control and lockout with complex routine programs that combined code and paracausality. His station known as '*Chaos*'.
- **Underbaron Iphianassa** reflected the same ferocity and firepower that Leman tried to portray. Her mech '*Alecto*' severely damaging Leman's Hound.
- **Lady Achilleia** was as elegant as the sport of Pankration Mekani that she taught. Her fiery attitude displayed front and center with '*Saber*'.
- **Lord Hesketh** stuck as an intelligence scout that made sure to mark the students and prevent them from ever hiding in any way with the help of '*Auspex*'.
- Alongside several automated machines of *Archers* and *Bastions to rain fire and slow down the students.

But, alas, the students had the will inside them to face the tutors head on and come out victorious. **Camille** pushed the *absolute limits* of Sunrise. Firing endlessly and activating every protocol to fire her jets and dash through the field, in and out of cover. **Yarin** personally opened the way forth and disrupted the tutor's line of defense with Bogey. **Leman and Quinn** fired, and fired, and fired again while pushing forward, challenging the tutors head on. Lastly, **CALIGRAND** helped bring the payload forward initially, then helped everyone with protective protocols and positioning. Snatching the victory right at the edge of the time given to extract the payload. Even having the satisfaction of hearing Count Argo's gift backfiring right on Lord Praya's face at the start of the exam

With the examination completed, the faculty members climb out of their weathered mechs and acknowledge the students for their efforts. The group is instructed to take a brief moment to pull themselves together and patch up the worst of the damage to their mechs so they can swiftly vacate the area and return to the garrison. Meanwhile the heads of Syllabus take a moment to confer out of earshot, further down the valley.

As the heads of Syllabus confer and the PCs begin patching up their mechs, a hail of energy weapon fire directed at the faculty, who are forced to scatter. Their mechs reduced to slag in the crossfire. The faculty members are under attack, and need rescuing!