No points for second place
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/map_4.png

It was an ambush from unseen forces. Several unknown targets teleported in and appeared into the Hounds Teeth Range, immediately firing upon the students and the Heads of Syllabus. Teleportation tech, energy weaponry, flamethrowers... It looked like they were *outfitted with **Harrison Armory** tech*—and I.K.O.L's readings confirmed the case, alongside they were fresh from printing and it's serial numbers and data were scrubbed off. Not only that but they also had ***Ungrateful slogans** as their callsigns* and they were RPVs—***Remote-Pilot Vehicles***.

- **Leman** received untraceable and unknown orders to sit back... and he abode by those orders. Staying in the backline alongside *[[Kasha]]* who came in as support right as the bullets begun to fly.
- **Quinn** pushed forward and showed courage under pressure as *she secured Underbaron Iphianassa inside the expanded compartment of her mech*, Honesty. Even went as far as tearing her mech apart if it meant to save the Underbaron.
- **Camille** tried to escort and protect *Lord Castor-Eyros* but with the heavy fire from the enemies, the compromised position the tutor found himself in, and the constant groaning of her mech breaking down for being pushed to the limit *prevented her from saving the tutor of Noble Arts Syllabus.*
- **Yarin and CALIGRAND** went around to reach the *Stablemaster Imani* but it wasn't until the two arrived to his cover that they realized the enemy forces were too many for them to safely escort them and come out alive from it. With a heavy heart, Yarin *had to abandon the tutor of the Technical Syllabus.*
To make matters worse, as the kuirassers were retreating and focusing on the survival of one tutor, CALIGRAND's systems had a cataclysmic failure. Emergency systems sent a signal that was caught on an endless pointer loop, all services for error recursion were offline and the code began to spiral, to ***cascade.*** Her communication systems fired up and ***it*** spoke.

> I̵ ̴s̵e̷e̵ ̴n̸o̶w̷,̴ ̷s̶t̶a̴r̷s̵ ̵a̴r̶e̴ ̵f̵a̴k̸e̸,̷ ̵a̷n̸d̵ ̴I̸ ̷a̴m̶ ̵t̶h̴e̶ ̶o̷n̶l̷y̶ ̵o̷n̷e̶ ̷t̸h̶a̴t̷ ̶e̵x̴i̸s̸t̵s̷

A scream that sounded like a million error alarms blared at once while each glitched in different directions followed the unsettling words, only to be continued by dead silence. Camille managed to eject from her mech, jump out onto CALIGRAND's, climb it, and open the cockpit through emergency gauges. Inside laid a CALIGRAND with one hand holding the ignition key to it's mech, and the other 'piercing' it's own skull by reaching to it's deeply rooted shutdown switch. From the scene, Camille realized CALIGRAND had turned itself off, alongside it's mech. After turning her back on and making sure it was alright, it's companion asked it to *never scare her like that*. As for if it can hold that promise or not...

Almost as suddenly as it started, the attack ended—mechs detonated and melted into slag, or teleported away. A pall of smoke and steam hangs over the valley, carrying the lingering tang of energy weapon fire and the acrid smell of burnt vegetation. For a few seconds, there is a strange stillness. Then the comms flicker to life, a chaotic barrage of messages and orders. 

> *Hold still. Help is on the way. Take cover. Do not move.* 

The students had but a few moments to collect themselves and absorb the aftermath of the attack before they spot the distinctive green uniform of troops from the Federal Karrakin Army cresting the hill. They immediately begin securing the area as they come down from the adrenaline. Feeling the pain and soreness finally kick in immediately after.
