Aftermath
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
/public/event-imgs/college.png

While the area is being secured the students collected information from wrecked mechs and consulted their own mech’s sensor logs. Finding more strings and clues of who was involved on the attack and why but... It simply didn't add up. 
- The emissions from these mechs show they are being run ragged and unstable. **They were clearly not intended to survive the skirmish.** 
- Their mission was to **cause indiscriminate damage and potentially kill senior College faculty members**.
This was an **intense** escalation from the Ungratefuls if it was them. If it were Harrison Armory's doing, the mission logs wouldn't make sense for the manufacturer's goals. There was a clear sense of purposeful confusion. As if this was all some sort of smear campaign or a misleading attack. But, the students couldn't pinpoint or see the bigger picture.

As the students were being tended to in the Hounds Teeth Garrison with emergency aid, they note they have been made to wait hours for debriefing, leaving them alone with each other and their thoughts. 

Yarin accused Leman of conspiring with the enemy, Quinn came out scarred from the combat and scared for her life, all the while Camille faced a new fear and saw a different variable of CALIGRAND's computing. The idea of a mass political attack, a traitor amongst them, an unstable machine that could catastrophically fail again...

Even though the fight was over, the tension was unshakable.

To make things somewhat worse, the 'officer' that was supposed to debrief them wasn't from the BUC, but rather from Baronic Intelligence. **Lady Diana LeFleur,** a lean built, cold woman from House of Order with an unnerving stare. She introduced herself dismissively and clicked a device behind her as she began to question the victims of the attack. Asking: 
- What were they doing when the attack started?
- Who did the attackers target? What could they determine about their aims?
- How did they respond?
- What other details do they recall about the assailants?
- Did they have any information that could suggest who was responsible for the attack?
All of these questions seemed like they had another objective at hand. If Baronic Intelligence wanted facts for these questions, sensors, logs, cameras, and any further investigation would provide more than the currently wounded students. It wasn't until the final question that each of the students realized the nature behind these questions... They wanted them to point a finger unto who to blame.

Regrettably, and forced to give an answer, the students blamed the Ungratefuls and claimed they were behind the attack.

With a simple 'thank you', the officer informed the students that Lord Castor was found dead and Stablemaster Imani's body seemed to be missing entirely.

Following the attack, the students return to the College where the archchancellor issues a formal statement in a ceremony that feels both time-trodden and hastily arranged all at once. This statement, an “*Exceptional Proclamation*”, declares that studies at the College will be temporarily suspended effective immediately while the College administration and BUC deal with the fallout of the attack at the Hounds Teeth Range. 

Students are free to remain at the College during the suspension, although an increase in the number of BUC soldiers openly carrying weapons and temporary restrictions on events put a distinct damper on any revelry or social activity on College grounds. The formal recommendation from the College is for students to return home where possible, or otherwise take up temporary residence elsewhere in Throne Karrakis throughout the period of suspension...