Fall of a Sparrow
THRONE KARRAKIS
5017u
event-imgs/college.png

The return to academic activities is marked by a flurry of nervous activity and heightened security. There is a noticeable increase in the number of BUC troops stationed at the College’s entrance, and the dean has already begun to crack down on rules violations that might previously have passed beneath notice. Tensions were high and any sort of simple recreational activity was scrutinized heavily. Thus, our kuirassers took their own ways to deal with their burdens. Studying, relaxing in off-world moons, connecting with unexpected people... All to take a mental break and try to recenter themselves, *all the while hearing some juicy rumors about each other*.

Despite this, the time-trodden rituals of the College continue as if nothing were out of the ordinary. In fact, the very first day of studies is interrupted by one of the institution’s oldest ceremonies. The returning students all hear the Archchancellor come unto the speakers, indicating kuirassers are required to attend the Great Hall to meet with one of the fabled augurs of the Order Xenoglossia, who will perform a traditional reading of their bonds to the Passions.

The kuirassers find themselves near the shrines of the Lykeon to the Passions. All of these representing the virtues and polytheistic deities, Passions and their bonds represent everyone in Karrakin society. More than a label of some degree or some magical reading of fate, when someone is *bonded* to a Passion, they become representations of power of someone's destiny. Students could embrace or reject their bonds as they saw fit, as a means of controlling their own destiny either by seizing it from their bonded Passions or by winning favor with them. Alas, all students were called one by one to have their reading given... but our kuirassers are all called one after the other in quick succession and asked to wait *outside* the shrines for a group reading. An unorthodox form of reading, but no one seems to be willing to challenge the call.

When they are all together outside the shrines, a small door opens and the unmistakable sweet smell of traditional Begi incense billows out on a wave of smoke that rolls from the opening. The interior is dark, but your eyes quickly adjust to a scene picked out in flickering candlelight. An elderly figure behind a low table, swathed almost entirely in the robes of the Order Xenoglossia, extends a single blue-tinged hand and beckons for you to sit before him, it was the Xenogloss **Augur Kahin**. However, one of the monks waiting next to the door specifically stops Quinn, explaining that her bond reading was issued earlier per her request and was thus asked to wait outside.

The flickering candlelight lit ablaze and turned into pale blue fire that floated above the table. As much as Yarrin doubted how this would be a holographic fire, he was quickly proven wrong. It didn't burn, but it moved like fire and plasma. The augur chuckled and explained how the fire was no illusion, no trickery... Much like the bonds, it was inexplicably real. After bringing out a set of thick cards, he throws it to the fire, consuming almost all the cards... And yet, four remain:

- **Leman** was bound to **The Titan**. Representing strength, leadership, and force.
- **Yarin** was bound to **The Knave**. Representing passion, faith, intuition.
- **CALIGRAND** was bound to **The Wolf**. Representing precision, coldness, intimidation.
- **Camille** was bound to **The Magus**. Representing passion, faith, intuition.
- And **Quinn** was bound to **The Harlequin** earlier. Representing cunning, subterfuge, deceit. 

As introductions, banter, questions, and answer pass, the Augur pulls small bottle of blue liquid from the interior of his robes. Camille recognizes it was a flask of the **Blue Blood of Pangloss**, a legendary liquid said to grant the augurs their precognitive powers. With a wild gaze, the Xenogloss drinks the bottle before falling into sudden labored breath as his eyes change to a dark color with specks of small star-like glows. Prophesying: 

> “I see a great wheel, turning across the sky. Its name is Dis, and it is the cycle of power, and of empires, and of violence – the snake that bites its own tail.” 
> 
> “The wheel is a promise whispered to the ruthless and the wicked, those who seize cities and destroy lands and are a law to themselves. Woe to those in their path, for the wheel would crush all before it, and righteousness must struggle to prevail.”
> 
“I see a shadow that looms long before an ever-setting sun, and the shadow prowls amongst the people, and its ravening teeth bring destruction upon the innocent and the guilty alike. The shadow is war, and it is death, and it would take us all into the night if we allow it.”

Much to the kuirasser's skepticism, the words rung true in the back of their heads. Or well, as true as the future could be. As unwritten as it may be, with everything happening, it felt like a literal divine premonition that the attack at the Hounds Teeth Range was nothing but one single step of a much larger journey.

After the group leaves the room, they are left with their fears, thoughts, and each other. Only time will tell what is to come... But they could prepare for whatever it may be, and Leman believes that understanding the previous attack is where their preparation starts. As uncertain as he may feel and as scared as he might be of his own house, he pleaded with his fellow kuirassers to help him figure out what happened. For once, he had no clear purpose. No clear objective order. With the help of Yarin, Quinn, Camille, and CALIGRAND, he could find a *image* of who's endangering the College.